add notice about CAPI to credential docs (#2060)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/use-the-api/management-api/credentials/index.md

  - How can I set cloud provider credentials via the Management API?
---

### Notice: This document describes how to configure cloud provider credentials for _vintage_ Giant Swarm Clusters. For _CAPI_ Clusters, documentation is available for [CAPA]({{< relref "/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/aws" >}}) and [CAPZ]({{< relref "/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/azure" >}})

> 

Reviewer: Nitpick: "clusters" should not be capitalized.

> ### Notice: This document describes how to configure cloud provider credentials for _vintage_ Giant Swarm Clusters. For _CAPI_ Clusters, documentation is available for [CAPA](https://docs.giantswarm.io/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/aws/) and [CAPZ](https://docs.giantswarm.io/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/azure/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Notice: This document describes how to configure cloud provider credentials for _vintage_ Giant Swarm Clusters. For _CAPI_ Clusters, documentation is available for [CAPA]({{< relref "/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/aws/" >}}) and [CAPZ]({{< relref "/getting-started/cloud-provider-accounts/cluster-api/azure/" >}})
```
